Add best practices for managing content (#3004)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_best-practices-for-errata.adoc

[id="best-practices-for-errata_{context}"]
= Best practices for errata

* {Project} shows which errata are applicable for each content host by comparing package lists with installed and available packages.

> * Use errata to add patches for security issues to a frozen set of content without unnecessarily updating other unaffected packages.

Reviewer: * Fetch information about host errata by using the Foreman link:https://theforeman.github.io/foreman-ansible-modules/develop/plugins/host_errata_info_module.html#ansible-collections-theforeman-foreman-host-errata-info-module[host_errata_info module] in an Ansible playbook.

> * Use errata to add patches for security issues to a frozen set of content without unnecessarily updating other unaffected packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use errata to add patches for security issues to a frozen set of content without unnecessarily updating other unaffected packages.
Fetch information about host errata by using the Foreman link:https://theforeman.github.io/foreman-ansible-modules/develop/plugins/host_errata_info_module.html#ansible-collections-theforeman-foreman-host-errata-info-module[host_errata_info module] in an Ansible playbook.
```

Author: Applied.

> * View errata on the content hosts page and choose between errata from the current content view and lifecycle environment and the _Library_ lifecycle environment which contains the latest synchronized packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* View errata on the content hosts page and choose between errata from the current content view and lifecycle environment and the _Library_ lifecycle environment, which contains the latest synchronized packages.
```
I'm not sure what "choose between" means. Do you mean "compare"?

Author: Yes, changed to "compare".

+
You can only apply errata included in the content view version of the lifecycle of your host.
You can view this as a recommendation to promote content views.

> * You can subsequently add synchronized errata which are applicable to at least one content host to your content views.

Reviewer: I am not sure it is a good idea to put a procedure in a reference module.

Author: Dropped. The procedure is already described in "managing errata".

** In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Content Types* > *Errata* to find errata for a specific repository or name of an erratum.
** _Applicable errata_ indicate that a host contains packages that have errata available.
** _Installable errata_ indicate that a host has updated packages available in its content view ready to be installed.
** If an erratum is applicable but not installable, select the erratum and click *Apply*.

> This displays information which hosts are affected by the erratum.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This lists the hosts that are affected by the erratum.
```

Author: Applied.
